# Initial Downloads##### Android Studio  Allows us to run programs on an emulated android device. Can choose from any phone. Has a built in IDE, runs Java and will also (using Gradle) act as a port to run stuff we build in Unity on the actual phone. *When installing make sure you include the SDK. It should automatically download but you need this.*##### UnityEveryone knows what Unity does, build the game innit. **Tick Android Build Support** when installing. Will use C#, works best with Visual Studio which kinda makes me cringe but we are rolling with it anyway.##### GitHub DesktopGitHub is what you're probably reading this on, the Desktop app just makes it easier for everyone to see and work. In an ideal world, everyone will have the Git Bash downloaded and use their console to push and pull changes but this works for now.# Repository Rules- We have two main branches which you should not merge code into without review - **master** and **develop**.- Create your own branch to work on. The name of the file should be one word, the definition of what you were creating and then the name of the branch *e.g. feature-movement, bug-memoryleak*. - Don't go merging other people's branches willy nilly!!!!!- More commits are good, give them decent summaries so you won't look back on it confused af.# Setup - After installing everything, open up and sign into GitHub Desktop. - Pull down the repository and store it into a folder on your machine (probably /This PC/Documents/GitHub)- Ensure the files exist where you expect them to.###### To get a program running on Android:- Open up Android Studio.- File -> Open. Direct the file into hillbrookdev, inside the recently created GitHub folder. Select the application you wish to run - the folder should have an AS logo next to it so it should be obvious. Click OK.- To run the application, at the top, click Run -> (name of the app). - **If you get errors,** you may have to install some stuff. Click Event Log (or maybe somewhere in the bottom of the screen) and there should be some sort of prompt to install packages etc. - **If you get** *Error running SwipeTest: Please select Android SDK*, go to Tools -> Android -> Sync project with Gradle. This should solve your issue.- If no errors, Try Run -> Run again. Click Create New Virtual Device.- Pick what device to use (we started on a Pixel 2), if you want one not on the list, Google it. You can get anything. - Click Next and select the *latest* Android OS. At the moment, that is Oreo. You will now have to download and install quite a lot.- Using a Pixel 2, we had to enable VT-x in BIOS. You might not have this problem. To do this, restart your PC and mash one of the F buttons to get into BIOS. Search for CPU, Northbridge or general Processor Settings looking bits. You should just be able to enable VT-x.- Open it all up again. The device should now run like normal on an emulated phone.###### Unity- Will finish later. Not super important right now. It's not that hard, you should be able to work it out.